Feature admin email cred customization populatedb (#18468)
saleor/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix send order confirmation email to staff - #18342 by @Shaokun-X

> - Add possability to customize email and password using --superuser_email --superuser_password flags when populating database with example data - #18467

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to customize the superuser email and password using the `--superuser_email` and `--superuser_password` flags when populating the database with example data - #18467
```
Typo corrected, and a wording improvement suggestion
